README.md, before:

# Tamamon

This was created during our time as students at Code Chrysalis.

Tamamon is an AR game for collecting “tamamon” that combines the best of Pokemon Go and Tamagotchi.

## Installation

1. Ensure that Homebrew, Node, and Watchman are installed in your device:

```
/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
brew install node
brew install watchman
```

2. Ensure that the following CLIs are installed in your device:

```
npm install -g react-native-cli
npm install -g react-viro-cli
npm install -g @aws-amplify/cli
```

3. Ensure that Xcode and Ruby are installed in your device.

```
brew install ruby
```

4. Ensure that CocoaPods is installed in your device.

```
gem install cocoapods
pod repo update
```

If a write permission error occurs, install Ruby in a separate PATH.

```
echo 'export PATH="/usr/local/opt/ruby/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bash_profile
source ~/.bash_profile
```

Verify that the current Ruby is in a different path (not `/user/bin ruby`):

```
which ruby
```

Then retry installing CocoaPods.

5. In the root directory of the app, run yarn to install the packages and set up the iOS bundle:

```
yarn
./setup-ide.sh --ios
```

6. Modify the Podfile to have the correct ios version and pods.

- Change platmform to ios 13.1
- Comment out or delete `use frameworks!` and <br />
- Replace `pod 'ViroKit', :path => '../node_modules/react-viro/ios/dist/ViroRenderer/'` with <br />
  `pod 'ViroKit_static_lib', :path => '../node_modules/react-viro/ios/dist/ViroRenderer/static_lib'`

7. Navigate to the iOS subdirectory, update the podfiles, and open the app in Xcode:

```
cd ios
pod update
pod install
open <app-name>.xcworkspace
```

## Resources

1. [Xcode with ViroReact](https://docs.viromedia.com/docs/starting-a-new-viro-project-1) <br/>
2. [ViroReact Quick Start](https://docs.viromedia.com/docs/quick-start) <br />
3. [Ruby Installation for Macs](https://stackify.com/install-ruby-on-your-mac-everything-you-need-to-get-going/) <br/>

Commit message:

Added call to DB with device ID

README.md, after:

# Tamamon

This was created during our time as students at Code Chrysalis.

Tamamon is an AR game for collecting “tamamon” that combines the best of Pokemon Go and Tamagotchi.

## Installation

1. Ensure that Homebrew, Node, and Watchman are installed in your device:

```
/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
brew install node
brew install watchman
```

2. Ensure that the following CLIs are installed in your device:

```
npm install -g react-native-cli
npm install -g react-viro-cli
npm install -g @aws-amplify/cli
```

3. Ensure that Xcode and Ruby are installed in your device.

```
brew install ruby
```

4. Ensure that CocoaPods is installed in your device.

```
gem install cocoapods
pod repo update
```

If a write permission error occurs, install Ruby in a separate PATH.

```
echo 'export PATH="/usr/local/opt/ruby/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bash_profile
source ~/.bash_profile
```

Verify that the current Ruby is in a different path (not `/user/bin ruby`):

```
which ruby
```

Then retry installing CocoaPods.

5. In the root directory of the app, run yarn to install the packages and set up the iOS bundle:

```
yarn
./setup-ide.sh --ios
```

6. Modify the Podfile to have the correct ios version and pods.

- Change platform to ios 13.1
- Comment out or delete `use frameworks!` and <br />
- Replace `pod 'ViroKit', :path => '../node_modules/react-viro/ios/dist/ViroRenderer/'` with <br />
  `pod 'ViroKit_static_lib', :path => '../node_modules/react-viro/ios/dist/ViroRenderer/static_lib'`

7. Navigate to the iOS subdirectory, update the podfiles, and open the app in Xcode:

```
cd ios
pod update
pod install
open <app-name>.xcworkspace
```

## Resources

1. [Xcode with ViroReact](https://docs.viromedia.com/docs/starting-a-new-viro-project-1) <br/>
2. [ViroReact Quick Start](https://docs.viromedia.com/docs/quick-start) <br />
3. [Ruby Installation for Macs](https://stackify.com/install-ruby-on-your-mac-everything-you-need-to-get-going/) <br/>

In XCode, in the project navigator:

Right click Libraries
Add Files to [your project's name]
Go to node_modules/react-native-device-info/ios
Add the file RNDeviceInfo.xcodeproj
In XCode, in the project navigator, select your project.

Add the libRNDeviceInfo.a from the deviceinfo project to your project's Build Phases ➜ Link Binary With Libraries
Click .xcodeproj file you added before in the project navigator and go the Build Settings tab. Make sure All is toggled on (instead of Basic).
Look for Header Search Paths and make sure it contains both $(SRCROOT)/../react-native/React and $(SRCROOT)/../../React
Mark both as recursive (should be OK by default).
Run your project (Cmd+R)
